README.md, before:

# PyMC3 Tutorials

A collection of Juypter notebooks that serve as my notes on tutorials and examples for [PyMC3]().

[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9.1-3776AB.svg?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=FFDB4D)](https://www.python.org)
[![jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-Lab-F37626.svg?style=flat&logo=Jupyter)](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

## Tutorials

**[PyMC3 Tutorials](https://docs.pymc.io/nb_tutorials/index.html)**

1. [Getting Starting with PyMC3](001_getting-started-with-pymc3.md)
2. [Sample Callback](005_sample-callback.md)
3. [Profiling](010_profiling.md)
4. [Batch ADVI and sampling](016_mini-batch-advi-on-hierarchical-regression.md)

## Documentation

**[PyMC3 Examples](https://docs.pymc.io/nb_examples/index.html)**

1. [A Hierarchical model for rugby prediction](013_rugby-predictions.md)
2. [GLM: Negative Binomial Regression](018_glm-nb-regression.md)
3. [Hierarchical partial pooling of baseball batting averages](020_hierarchical-partial-pooling.md)
4. [Bayesian Survival Analysis](022_bayesian-survival-analysis.md)

Commit message:

tutorial: LKJ Covariance Prior (begin)

README.md, after:

# PyMC3 Tutorials

A collection of Juypter notebooks that serve as my notes on tutorials and examples for [PyMC3]().

[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9.1-3776AB.svg?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=FFDB4D)](https://www.python.org)
[![jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-Lab-F37626.svg?style=flat&logo=Jupyter)](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

## Tutorials

**[PyMC3 Tutorials](https://docs.pymc.io/nb_tutorials/index.html)**

1. [Getting Starting with PyMC3](001_getting-started-with-pymc3.md)
2. [Sample Callback](005_sample-callback.md)
3. [Profiling](010_profiling.md)
4. [Batch ADVI and sampling](016_mini-batch-advi-on-hierarchical-regression.md)

## Documentation

**[PyMC3 Examples](https://docs.pymc.io/nb_examples/index.html)**

1. [A Hierarchical model for rugby prediction](013_rugby-predictions.md)
2. [GLM: Negative Binomial Regression](018_glm-nb-regression.md)
3. [Hierarchical partial pooling of baseball batting averages](020_hierarchical-partial-pooling.md)
4. [Bayesian Survival Analysis](022_bayesian-survival-analysis.md) (*in progress*)
5. [LKJ Cholesky Covariance Priors for Multivariate Normal Models](024_lkj-cholesky-covariance-priors.md) (*in progress*)
